1. this was not necessarily a bug but the coding conventions of this course were violated
because I passed things by reference when they were not changed so it created processing 
overhead. I also forgot to add comments

2. I realized that sometimes there are npc's that spawn with the same exact
name in the same region but are not the same npc because the name is random
I fixed this by naming the npcs by the tick. Sure there will be npcs with
the same name but they will be located in different regions

3. For simulate world function, I had thought about an empty world before but I thought 
that it made no sense to account for a world where there were no players and/or 
no items since no world would be created then. However there is a chance that a world 
with a small amount of players and a small amount of items to break the program because there 
are no more items or players to remove. I fixed this by taking seeing if they have players 
and items to remove, basically checking if they are not empty, then outputting that they are

4. Output issue, some names of npcs are named wolf1 where the number has no space between name, 
so I can fix this by altering the output so they all don't have spaces or they all do. 
It was easier to remove the spaces so I changed cout to not have a space

5. Becuase change can only ever be 0, 1, or 2 one of the random actions must happen, which makes
it feel not very random since I believe that, so I fixed this by increasing what change can be to 0-5

6. I was rechecking requirements for project to see if I can find some issue, and techinically 
a game world is not in real life, though it may be in my life but I don't want to risk not meeting the 
requirements so I am changing the context to be a regions in a country simulation where players are citizens, 
NPCS are immigrants, and items are supplies

7. I changed issue 4 so that I fixed it by adding a space between immigrant and the number

8. immigrants can be blank after the final state of country is output. I fixed it by showing that initial has none by being
blank instead of outputting none so if it is blank at the end then it doesn't look like it failed

9. immigrants is broken (will fix)

unfortunately I did not do an entry 10